i am going to explain an action thriller
film called revenge spoilers ahead watch
out and take care a married man named richard
files his socialite girlfriend jane to his
secluded dressed house in the middle of the desert
for the weekend he wants to spend some alone time
with her before his annual hunting trip with
his friend as he's about to go inside his house
his pilot gives him some beard a small spineless
cactus for a welcoming gift inside richard finds
jen standing on the bed moving gracefully and
enriching him without wasting any time richard
grabs jen and expresses his desire for her in
return gen dresses richard and goes down on him
once they're done richard receives a call
from his wife telling him how busy she is
at home when richard goes back to the bed
jane won't even look at him richard tries to
sweet talk her which doesn't take long to work
the following day richard's friend stan and dmitry
arrive unannounced richard is pissed at having his
quality time with jane ruined but the two men say
they worked hard to make sure they arrived there
early richard then introduced jane to his friends
who are shocked but happy at the same time when
jen excuses herself stan and demetri can't help
but stare at her as if they have never seen
a woman before sarcastically stan ask richard
if his wife and their kids are okay but richard
doesn't answer his question and instead informs
him that jane is leaving the following day and
that day aren't supposed to meet that night the
four of them decide to have some fun and drink as
richard begins out more alcohol stan and dmitry
are unavail to resist jane's beauty and they are
talking to and staring at her the whole time when
richard sits with them dmitry notices his beard
richard tells them that it's a local and highly
powerful hallucinogenic and unexcited dimitri
suddenly grabs the beard from richard he then
tosses it to stand and stand tosses it back to him
but richard immediately catches it and warns them
that using paired while carrying weapons can
lead to accidents embarrassed stun and dimitri
take their seats while richard asks jen to hide
his beard for him happy to oblige jen goes back
inside the house where she hides the beard inside
her necklace before going back outside jen plays
some music for the men before dancing for them
when jen tries to get richard to dance with her
her boyfriend declines so he asked stan instead
institute seductively dances with stan who is
clearly having the time of his life as stan
continues to dance with her richard decides that
his friend has already had enough and
puts jen over his shoulder before turning
in for the night jen wakes up alone in
the morning and when she goes out to
look for richard stan greets her with too much
enthusiasm she then joins him for breakfast and
stan informs her that richard went out to give
their password to the gamekeeper which will take
a while he also adds that dimitri is nursing a
hangover making jen love stan then remarks that
isn't just the two of them but jen pays
him no mind and uses her phone instead
when she notices that stan is staring at her jane
excuses herself from the table and says she'll
start packing her stuff leaving stan disappointed
as jane gets dressed after taking a shower she
started to see that stan is standing by the
doorways and apologizes for scaring her but
jen doesn't seem to mind stan then enters jen's
room without invitation and sits beside her before
telling her that it's a shame they don't have
enough time to get to know each other better
when he gives jane his calling card and asks her
to call him some time jen reluctantly tells him
that she is not sure if she is be able to paste
stan asks jane what she doesn't like about him
jen then gets uncomfortable and finds it hard
to answer his question but when she finally does
she tells stan that he isn't her type at all
stan wants to know why jen feels that why so
jen simply says stan is short and she likes tall
guys stan sarcastically loves and asked jen if
his height changed overnight and wenjin says no he
implies that she was coming on to him the previous
day feeling nervous now jane tries to get away
from him but he won't stop harassing her without
warning stan pushes her against the glass and
removes her underwear and as he is about to take
her from behind dimitri opens the door and sees
them stand then ask him if he wants to have his
turn on jen too but dmitry just keeps on eating
his snacks before turning to leave without anyone
to disturb them anymore stan forces himself to
jail making her cry in pain as dimitry walks away
and here's jen sobs he turns up the television
volume before going out for a swim when richard
returns and notices that his two friends are
being too quiet stan explains that there's been
a problem with jane richards then tries to talk to
his girlfriend but jane won't talk much and only
insists on richard calling the helicopter saying
she wants to go home as jane cries quietly richard
goes back outside to confront stan about what he
did when jen wakes up a few hours later richard
informs her that he's arranged a job for her in
canada assuring her that everything's okay he
also adds that he's transformed some money to her
account which she can use as she pleases instead
of expecting richard's bribe jain demons he called
the helicopter before she starts packing her stuff
but richard tells her that's not possible he then
blames jane for being too beautiful claiming she's
hard to resist hurt and angry jade once again
demands richard called the helicopter threatening
to call his wife and tell her everything about
them if he doesn't without warning richard slaps
jane so hard that she falls to the floor as
he stands over her richard starts calling
her names demanding her not to talk about his wife
again jane then runs outside while richard gives
chase and as soon as stan and dimitri see them
they quickly follow the three men chase jan to
a cliff and when richard sees that she is thinking
about jumping over he stops her and apologizes for
slapping her richard tries to justify what he did
by saying he was just stressed out and when jin
doesn't say anything he asks for stan's phone
promising that he will call the helicopter
after talking to roberto the pilot richard
informs her that the pilot will arrive in 30
minutes released she lets down her guard only
for richard to suddenly push her off the cliff
jane is impaled on a tree and as the man look at
her body stan asks he did such a thing like a cold
blocked killer richard tells them that jan could
put them in jail for 15 years he then orders a
stand and dimitri to do everything he said saying
they will go hunting as planned and clean up
the mess on the way then they will go home with
their trophies just like every year but they have
to make sure not to arrow suspicion once stan
and dimitry agree with richard's plan the three
of them leave back at the rest house richard burns
jane's staff as he and his friends prepare their
gears and weapons for their hunting trip
richard then calls his wife as if nothing
happened and when stan apologizes to him
for what happened then richard quips that
he's never heard of her meanwhile jen miraculously
regains consciousness while still being impaled on
a tree branch with every ounce of strength left
in her body she reaches her lighter and sets the
tree on fire causing it to break in hard to eat
the ground after a while jen suddenly hears the
sound of moving vehicles signaling richard and his
friend's arrival with the branch still sticking
out of her body jen forces herself to crawl away
from where she landed and hires on the other hand
richard and his friends are horrified when they
find no sign of jen's body completely panicking
stan suggests they find jain and bring her to the
hospital he says with the help of their lawyers
they can make what happened to jain hook like an
accident annoyed at his friends cowardice richard
is adamant about not calling anyone reminding
stan that jan is alone and hurt and won't stand
a chance against three armed men they then set out
to find jyn and once jen hears they are gone she
starts moving to it's already dark when the man
reached the tree where jane landed went decisions
ipod and traces of her blood around the vein city
they feel confident that it won't take them long
to find her they then follow jane's blood trial
and once it stops by the river they agreed to
split up to find her faster stan decides to stay
behind in case jen returns there while richard and
dimitri go in opposite directions meanwhile jane
continues wandering around going under the water
when she hears someone coming as if by luck jen
finds dimitri urinating by the reaper with his
rifle resting against a rock gin creeps up behind
him and takes his weapon and when dmitry turns to
facehug then pulls the trigger unfortunately
the gun isn't loaded so dimitri just easily
grabbed the gun and pushes her back while on
the ground dimitri hits jane and mocks her for
thinking he would leave his gun lying around for
anyone to touch he then informs his friends that
he's got jen telling them he will meet them
at that jeep once he takes care of her stand
breathes a sign of philip upon hearing the news
then casually plays some music using jen's ipod
as dmitry attempts to drawn jen he tells her that
he likes letting his prey come to home and make it
thing it's attacking him when in fact he's the one
waiting for it jen tries to fight back but dmitry
is too big and strong for her when she manages
to grab dimitri's knife she quickly stabs him
in the eyes as soon as her head is out of the
water with the knife still stuck to his eyes
dimitri stumbles around still trying to calm
and jen but eventually he collapses and dies
while jen bravely pulls out the knife from his
eyes then watches him as he sinks into the river
after taking dimitri supplies jen travels through
the desert using his atv but is forced to walk
when he suddenly stops working she then goes into
a cave and builds a fire before drinking some beer
she tries to remove the branch sticking out her
body but stops once it gets too painful while
lying down jen suddenly remembers the peyote she
hides in her necklace and eats it she then starts
loading dimitri's rifle and as she stares into the
fire jen suddenly feels weird while starting to
hear loud music numb and hallucinating jen opens
the beer can using the knife before making several
incision around her own to easily remove the
branch sticking out of her abdomen upon removing
the branch gen watches her blood push out of her
body she then gets the aluminium bear can to put
it over the fire and once it's hot enough she uses
it to characterize her wound the next day's turn
is started when richard throws a dead animal
on his windshield realizing that dimitri isn't
back yet richard tries to radio him but there's
no answer as a stun peace and washes up by
the river dimitri's decomposing body suddenly
floats scaring the delights out of him richer
than checks to see what the commotion is about
while stan throws up and gets in his car where
he throws a feet as richard stares at his dead
friend's body he realizes that dimitri has been
stabbed in the eyes he then drags him out of the
water while stan grudgingly watches from his car
after richard asks for stan's help to get rid of
dmitry's body stan expresses bitterness about what
happened he believes that dimitri would still be
alive if richard hadn't pushed jen off the cliff
once they tossed dimitri to the deeper part of
the river richard suddenly pushes a stand in the
face breaking his nose the two then continue their
search for jan who is still sleeping in the cave
when jen wakes up she realizes that the phonics
logo from the beer can has been transferred to
her body finding it quite symbolic since she's
just escaped death when she gets up to leave
the cave richard suddenly shows up and blows her
head off jane then wakes up screaming and realizes
it was just a dream she continues to have a series
of nightmares about the three men terrorizing and
hunting her and when she finally wakes up she
takes dimitri's weapons and sets out to find
her attackers meanwhile richard and stan are
determined to find her first using their map
richard and stan decide to split up again with
her binoculars jen manages to find where stan is
and when he starts diving she prepares to make her
move stan's vehicle suddenly runs out of gas while
jane is on his tail and as he refills his tank
gene tries aiming at him from offer however the
pivot's affects haven't comply own of making jen
optionally hallucinate after taking a better aim
jane shoots and his turn in the shoulder while
the impact of her rifle knocks her to the ground
then quickly gathers herself and looks for stan
to shoot him once more but the man has left his
soul as jin cautiously move closer to stan's
vehicle she sees stress of blood on the ground
stan desperately tries to flee but jan is
closely following him ready to shoot at any time
using his sock to lessen his bleeding stan
continues to run away from jain while crying
in pain he then hides from chin who is still
looking for him and when she passes by him
stan shoots her from behind grazing her ears
stan has turned the tables on chain when
she starts chasing and shooting her in an atom
to escape the breaks her flashlight and leaves
broken glass on the ground which stan eventually
steps on jane continues to run away while stan
was in pain trying to remove the shirt of glass
in his foot once he manages to take it out stan
staggers back to his car bleeding even more
as he steps on the battle he then tries to run
jen over but jane is set on killing him as stan
approaches jen shoots him and misses twice but her
third shot hits turn in the head finally killing
him as richard tries to contract stand through the
radius and takes his vehicle and drives away with
no word from stand still richard decides to go
back to the house at home richard calls his pilot
to inform him that he will be coming home earlier
then planned he says something came up at work
and he's already dropped his friends at the
airport when the pilot tells richard he's pick him
up in 30 minutes richard goes to the bathroom to
take a quick shower bringing his gun with him as
he severs the feeling of the water on his skin
richard hears some noise outside prompting him to
check it out while still naked richard takes his
gun and looks for the source of the noise
carefully scanning his surroundings after
scoring the house and finding no sign of chain
richard goes back inside and sits on the couch
as he is about to relax the television suddenly
turns on starting him he then looks for the
remote control to turn it off and when he returns
around he finds jen standing outside his house
her rifle pointed at him as they stare at each
other richard realizes how much jain is bleeding
richard is about to explain himself when jane
shoots him without wearing hitting him just
blew the wreakage although he is heavily injured
richard tries to shoot back metagen one stop
firing at him frustrated richard growls inside the
house leaving a trial of blood behind him jen then
follows him and when she sees the trial shopping
just before the glass door jen stops walking to
unknown to jane richard is just standing by the
wall next to her ready to blow her head off when
jane is about to take a step forward she suddenly
notices richard's blood pulling in front of her
she then quietly moves back and goes to the other
side of the house but when she gets there richard
is already gone the two continue to search
for each other and as richard keeps bleeding
profusely he decides to cover his body
with cling wrap to help lessen the bleeding
jane hears the clatter of the place that richard
dropped and when she checks it out and sees
richard she immediately fires forcing him to flee
as they continue chasing each other around the
house jen sleeps in richard's blood and drop her
gun she tries to retrieve but richard catches up
to her and knocks her unconscious when jen stares
she finds richard dragging her he then picks jain
up and pushes her against the wall choking her
and mocking her with no weapon to defend herself
jen plugs her hand into richard's own causing him
excruciating pain this force him to let go of her
and when jen finally gets the gun richard tries
to grab it but she immediately shoots him in the
chest sending him flying across the room as she
gets up gin casually steps over richard's body and
goes outside where she hears the helicopter
arriving subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like it really
helps the channel out thank you for watching